VarnaTraffic.Helpers.AutoCompleteTextViewDelayed
VarnaTraffic.Helpers.AutoCompleteTextViewDelayed: AutoCompleteTextViewDelayed(android.content.Context)
VarnaTraffic.Helpers.AutoCompleteTextViewDelayed: AutoCompleteTextViewDelayed(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
VarnaTraffic.Helpers.AutoCompleteTextViewDelayed: int getDelay()
VarnaTraffic.Helpers.AutoCompleteTextViewDelayed: void setDelay(int)
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.BusesTableActivity
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.BusesTableActivity: BusesTableActivity()
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.MainActivity
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int autoCompleteText
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int autocomplete
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int busesHeaderScheduleTable
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int busesHeaderTable
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int busesScheduleTable
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int busesTable
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int lvMostRecent
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int scrollViewBusSchedule
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int scrollViewBusTable
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int selectBusStopButton
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int tableHeaderArrive
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int tableHeaderDelay
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int tableHeaderDistance
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int tableHeaderLeft
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int tableHeaderNumber
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int tableScheduleHeaderNumber
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$id: int tableScheduleHeaderTime
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$layout: int bus_schedule_table
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$layout: int list_item
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$layout: int main
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int MessageHeader
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int app_name
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int mainActivityLast5Label
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int noInternetConnectionMessage
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int noServerAccessMessage
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int refreshButton
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int selectBusStopButton
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int tableHeaderArrive
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int tableHeaderDelay
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int tableHeaderDistance
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int tableHeaderEmptyString
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int tableHeaderLeft
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int tableHeaderNumber
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int tableScheduleHeader
com.varnatraffic.VarnaTraffic.R$string: int tableScheduleHeaderNumber
